Who are you?
What have you done to my daughter?
Mrs. Chu
Here I am, I have two options
Either pay
Or pay
Are you afraid of retribution?
There is no door to steal money
You're not afraid you'll never see your daughter again.
I'm telling you, if you touch my daughter
I'll kill you!
Kill you I kill you
Kill me!
Close this up
Chu Bieli, you beast
You bastard
Chu Bieli go
I bite you to death
Lin Xi, oh no.
Sister-in-law, let me tell you
Since you are here, don't do those pointless struggles
It's no use talking to God
Reunite you mother and daughter
You are a dog
Ha ha.
Wow dog
I'm a dog
Let me tell you something.
Don't let the dog chew on the bones
Am I enough?
Sister-in-law, I've been wanting to sleep for a long time
Before you came?
See what grandpa has to say
Let me serve you well and enjoy it
I mean what I say
Come on then.
Come on.
You stinky bitch
You bit me
You wait for me.